It's too bad Sado This time it's also a long time since I bought a Pokemon card xy 1 box
I will open to
Currently 2 boxes open and brilliantly Caranello ex 2 sheets
Original picture 20,000 yen Mega Libolt ex
This time is my life, I'll let you know, so let's start the battle as well
1 back
Today warranty out to me eyes Tsu Tadashi original Pika
1 sheet Yeah child of brother
Of Kurumiru round
Meet two pack
t 2
There is an order from Goniho Double
Morufon poetry from now you are the order of the ants Gates mother
Third pack
Only the eyes intends original picture today
It is sad Erikiteru not to come out
Water from the Peroplav deck
Hahahaha four etc
Metchifure c 3 to the 3 pack th box eyes
Finally the eyes are the original picture
Yossha Maker Gengar
Seed fire
Good
Let's aim at the two perreats of Gengar to leave with this in mind
I finally got my eyes on it
Monozu Hitomoshi
Same 5 Kurowa
Bartelle Compressor is a long battle
[musics]
It is an abbreviation child of about Pikachu
I love raised in mandarin
If it is assortment of the same rare card this time
It was super sad but it was different
Pikachu
Are inferior in this that gave birth to the from Yang Yanmagantu follow b
It's black and it's super rare
Awesome
This soooo
Uncle twink 's fragrant super rare
Yossha super 0 reason and platinum russ
This box
What next is if there is any number of game cards Do Pipipu' Chiyuo
The four-dimensional valley village Ruu who is an onus plump person to the porch
Super Super Rare
It is super rare from rice original picture
Now after what comes out Kana Dangorogokuri
Mudless o from Meropaf o
It is here that 4 appeared last time
Pettoboi's
I thought this was a little super rare
This time, there is still a long time ago
Genki Hinoya Kovac's this green is open medium or good
10th pack
Pikachu Lou Rambla lek future you doing with cure
It is the second half of the war start that gained tax support in 11 nights
I got 2 pieces in a 10-pack tax bag
9 remaining packs
Come on Super Rea ride no Natsu Yu
It may be what Kana put land sound source
02 big tune
Tsuru mill color collar club remaining dollar
Sazandora of a new book from the tree head from I Jiheddo will be cool
I like rare card
Mikarge
Ray
lucky
so
Acknowledge the emissions ho ruby Hakoasaitoguchikoromo
Child Bachuru of between say weasel
Seed construction
Calamanello no struggle
Three pieces and the last is always pies or some rabanero ex ka
I'm going to be up to 3 ok
Come on 5 pack left 5 parker left 5 pack art 1
There is one chan Ikechi say
Nampura Purill carライボルトボルトボルトソウル ベ
Schwalko
Pack the rest
Energy with a single after
Hey
Moisture somewhat troubled Tigurapan safely Prada ribbon kingdom iron Furadari an empty body and Goda
It this super rare is here
This is also taken with great back up
It said handsome old man Hula Dali Novoli San pack
Secret 4 u
It is the third piece Shandera of Baketcha Dangoro j and jet color
Powder
2 remaining packs
water
Choro Nekozuba'
Is what if Te裂from Waninoko
They burn
First card flurage ex
4 th that large do not have Once you have
Anyway, there are 3 to 4 rare cards in one box.
I like this box Fulleress
Last 1
Hitachi Oh 6
Directly below the end tongue that I read the Claire available about lag
Yes, this time I was aiming for a mega- genga ex card
As the mountain one select this trick if I had phantom only of the other field Pokémon has
use
Phantom
And the back of the supermarkets and Furadari of Furadari
Old age is great, cool back and forth uncle
Tuna from exe
And you do not have fairy type Fuller Jusu exe
Then I want to end Pokemon card xy 1 box opened video watching
Thank you for your registration
If everyone is also Kuromon Tsukimitsu 1000